JSG-CG
JustSomeGamers Community Guidelines
 
These Guidelines do not set rules for our community.
It explains who we are, what we do, and how things work in our community.
As JustSomeGamers grows and evolves so will the sections in the Guidelines.
 
Sections
1. Being just some gamer
2. Becoming a Member
 
 
1. Being just some gamer
Gaming is an experience because unlike any other media it is naturally
interactable. You can change it, become apart of it. An almost literal
sense of "one-ness" that can bring you away from real life and into a
fantasy realm, or a futuristic space fight, or whatever creative and
imaginative world today's game developers spend their time to develop.
 
Arguably, the best games are ones with multiplayer. We love gaming with
our friends and at times our family; even playing with complete strangers
can be a ton of fun, because though actions we have with strangers we
create our friends. When we find someone we really love to play with, it
doesn't matter what games we play: we will always put our friends above
the games we play.
 
This is the basis of everything JustSomeGamers is based on. A group
that does not care about your age, voice, game skills, sex, or any bias.
But looks at you based on your character, maturity, and individual
personality. It is though a community that supports this view only that
we can break the idea of the steriotypical basement dwelling gamer.
 
Gaming has now been intergrated into a new generation of kids. For them
to grow up in any gaming group that says "Attend our drill or get kicked!"
is unacceptable. What if that person is being called to sit down and eat
dinner with their family? The gaming group is now putting pressure on people
to miss events with their family or give up relationships they developed
withing a group. This is why some people cannot commit to a group or never have.
 
JustSomeGamers is built on the idea of Family Anarchy. NOT "anarchy" as in
someone with a molatov coctail and anonymous maks shouting "No goverment!",
but Anarchy as in the right to do what you want with yourself as a free,
independent, beutiful individual so long it does not effect the rights of
another person. Surprisingly this is not a political group, but a gaming
community. (maybe we should run for office...)
 
The "Family" part is to show the values put into this community. We have
a Code that every member honors and stands by. It's not very demanding
and describes the ideal scene we should all behave in.
 
1. Honor, Respect and Protect our Freinds, Members, and Community.
2. We must always value our friends over the games we play.
3. Practice good character and sportsmanship with all players.
4. Our enemies are elitism, drama, and the negative state of mind.
5. If I am IN-GAME, I will also be on our community's voice server.
 
Each Code is read by every member of JustSomeGamers in front of a current
member and recorded as proof. This and ensures that every members understand
the ethics behind our community.
 
 
We also
have a time to sit down and talk that we call the Town Hall Meeting. This
isn't really a "meeting" but really everybody in the community coming together
to discuss recent events and plans made. It also lasts just as long as most
dinners. (30 minutes to 1 hour, but the farther we get from the 30 min mark
the more we prompt everybody to finish their discussions.)

